So I have to apologize because the audio they're going to be hearing in this lecture is not that great.
It was my fault I did pick the wrong audio settings when I before I recorded this video.
And so I picked the built in microphone, which is not good, as you will see.
So I apologize again in advance for the bad audio who still grasp the ideas that I'm trying to convey
to you.
But the audio is not that great.
My apologies.
And let's continue now that we have all dependencies added to our project to start using Helt.
We need to continue and create another entity.
That's very important.
So let's go to our package.
I'm going to right click and create a new class link.
All right.
So this is going to be a general class, however, we are going to see Jet.
However, we're going to say, however, we going to call this.
Note application.
So this is a banner.
This is not a simple class or say this is actually a very important class because it's going to extend
application as such.
Notice this has to be the Android app.
What is this?
Well, let's not forget the contractor there.
So this class here extends application, which is the top level.
Class project can hold this application is the entire applications of extending the entire Android ecosystem
say so.
To make this even better, we are going to append.
We are going to add an annotation here, let's say at Helt Android app like that.
So then we'll then need to, of course, import that.
So what what's happening here?
Well, this gives Helt access to the entire application, hence we are extending application class.
So what this does, it creates a dependency container as it's called at the top level, at the application
level.
In other words, health care now supplying dependencies to any part of the act, which is exactly what
we want.
So we must.
I paint adult Android as such, and this class will have to extend application like that.
Right, but we're not done yet because we have to make this official.
We have to go to our manifesto here and or fast and inside of the application tag.
This is where we register everything application related, top level application level Android application
level.
This is where we are going to register to say that this node application here is recognized as such.
Right.
So I'm going to say inside start typing Android like I can see, we'll see Android showing actually
just hit enter.
And then you can see right away also that it goes and picks up the note application right away because
it knows right away that this is what's needed to be added here.
So now we've registered our node application to be recognized as a dependency container at the application
level, mixing we need to do.
Let's go to our main activity here.
We need to also add another annotation inside here, right at the top of main activity.
We're going to say at and we're going to say, we're going to say at Android stock Android entry point
like that you enter and voila.
So Android enter entry point annotation.
What does that do?
Well, this will identify that this is a dependency container, which means we are able to get the dependencies
here.
OK, that's a very important step to do.
First, we had to create this note application.
And I think and then at the hilt and make sure that we're inheriting application top level up and then
we had to register in our entry manifest file that court application and then we had to, of course,
finally say Andrew Anthropoid to say that this is where we are going to get the care access to all those
dependencies.
If you had an upper class entry point that you could use that main activity, that's the main entry.
That's why and or entry point to the next thing we're going to do is let's go to our package carrying
the right click.
I'm going to create another package here.
I call D-R.I.
That's the usual name.
That security, I sense, will depend on injection dependency injection.
Inside of this new package, I click create a new card in the class, but this is going to be a special
one.
It's going to be an object type.
So I'm going to call this add modules and I create a module that goes with our dependencies there that
goes with our hilt.
Why would we need this module thing that we see here, while modules are used to add bindings to help?
So in other words, to tell Helt how to provide instances of different types to create a room database,
we would need to use a builder to create an instance of the database because we don't want a database
be created every time the app starts.
So think of this module like this is going to be a place that will add all of those bindings to Helt,
which means we can add a mechanism that will allow us to instantiate or to create certain dependencies,
such as creating database and provide all of that.
So the first thing we need to do is we can add in annotation, of course.
So forces module such and you can see that that was added.
That's an import, and that's what we do is let's add install in such.
Let's go ahead and put that.
And then inside here, we're going to say a single ton component class like this.
It's a mouthful.
Let's see what this is.
So if you have a over here, it's going to say it's a guilt component for singleton bindings.
So here we just specify the requirement.
In this case, we say install and just specifying the requirement annotation by passing the class of
the old component associated with it in this case is going to be just a single time component, which
means this is going to be one source of truth and we don't want this to be recreated in two different
instances.